chore: 3.10 breaking changes doc (#8566)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/breaking-changes/310x.md

Review the [changelog](/gateway/changelog/#31000) for all the changes in this release.

## Breaking changes and deprecations

### AI plugins: metrics key

The serialized log key of AI metrics has changed from `ai.ai-proxy` to `ai.proxy` to avoid conflicts with metrics generated from plugins other than AI Proxy and AI Proxy Advanced. 
If you are using any [logging plugins](/hub/?category=logging) to log AI metrics (for example, File Log, HTTP Log, and so on), 
you will have to update metrics pipeline configurations to reflect this change.

### AI plugins: deprecated settings

The following settings have been deprecated in all [AI plugins](/hub/?category=ai), and will be removed in a future release.
Use the following replacement settings instead:

| Deprecated setting | New setting | 
|--------------------|-------------|
| `preserve` mode in `config.route_type` | `config.llm_format` |
| `config.model.options.upstream_path`   | `config.model.options.upstream_url` |

### AI Rate Limiting Advanced plugin: multiple providers and limits

The plugin's `config.llm_providers.window_size` and `config.llm_providers.limit` parameters now require an array of numbers instead of a single number. 

> If you configured the plugin before 3.10 and upgrade to 3.10 using `kong migrations`, it will be automatically migrated to use an array.

Reviewer: Do we need to link to anything for upgrading here?

> If you configured the plugin before 3.10 and upgrade to 3.10 using `kong migrations`, it will be automatically migrated to use an array.

Author: ```suggestion
If you configured the plugin before 3.10 and [upgrade to 3.10 using `kong migrations`](/gateway/{{page.release}}/upgrade/), it will be automatically migrated to use an array.
```

### kong.service PDK module changes

Changed the encoding of spaces in query arguments from `+` to `%20` in the [`kong.service.request.clear_query_arg`](/gateway/{{page.release}}/plugin-development/pdk/kong.service.request/#kongservicerequestclear_query_argname) PDK module.

> While the `+` character represents the correct encoding of space in querystrings, Kong uses `%20` in many other APIs, which is inherited from Nginx/OpenResty.

Author: ```suggestion
While the `+` character represents the correct encoding of space in query strings, Kong uses `%20` in many other APIs, which is inherited from Nginx/OpenResty.
```

### Free mode

> Free mode is no longer available. Starting {{site.base_gateway}} without a license will now function the same as {{site.base_gateway}} with an expired license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free mode is no longer available. Running {{site.base_gateway}} without a license will now behave the same as running it with an expired license.
```
